this isn't the most optimal way to show
this but I'm showing you that this is a
proof of concept right now I'm recording
at 1080p 24 frames per second on the gh2
but I am exporting at 4k for YouTube is
it ridiculous for this yes it is I'm out
of focus right now so that you can see
the screen to show what I'm what I'm
doing with this now the reason I'm doing
this is that later on next month I'm
going to be comparing the scarlet and
the GH to and the scarlet finally comes
in but I thought I'd show you how to get
the most optimal image out of the the
gh2 with an anamorphic adapter now if
we're going to let say in this case
youtube I can upload a file to YouTube
that's in the specifications of a 4k and
morphic file so in this case let's
upload say a four thousand by 1,800 file
to its YouTube what's the benefit of
that you might ask well the benefit of
that is that on your 1080p screen when
you watch that down compressed to 1080p
you're going to be seeing a super
sampled image of that 4k image which
will give it a sharp er look along with
that we're going to use Magic Bullet
Looks and adjust and fix the la 7200
image before we upload it so right now I
it's not fixed but I have that footage
from the other day that I uploaded up
driving with the LX 7200 and I blowed is
that it
2k now using Vegas I change to a a
custom 4k size project so and if you're
you click down at the bottom original
size that you'll see this in 4k it
should be sharp there I checked before I
shot but doing a bunch of things at once
it may be out of focus that may have to
reshoot this but anyway I have the the
set this set to 4,000 by 1800 which
give us a fairly close to 4k size
project that we can upload to YouTube so
from there we import an interpolator
footage which you can see here and I'll
go full screen with that nope it's gonna
mess up because I'm going to put it on
this monitor I'm going through Splashtop
through in another system but a better
way to look at that is if we open up say
Magic Bullet Looks and we have it in
here I found that for 4k and resizing
the image for 4k from a 1080p master
which is our gh2 footage in anamorphic
if we set a monochromatic grain size
2.2% the grain size will be about the
size of the pixels and it'll kind of add
noise which will sort of give the image
more definition when it's 3 downsampled
so that's what I have set here I've got
color mode off for film grain 2.2% I've
got a custom through a color corrector
you don't need to worry about that the
other thing you need to worry about is
chromatic amp aberration so width and I
think you can see that wasn't I pointing
over yeah chromatic aberration which you
can see right in this section right here
it's one of the options and tools for
the Magic Bullet Looks
so we can use chromatic aberration and
we can actually go in zoom into our
image are now 4k image and we can fix
any edges that might be off so shooting
this with a 20 millimeter lens all in
this case a 17 millimeter lens it's
going to be less less chromatic
aberration than the 20 millimeter line
so the further the focal length of the
lens
depends
since you're cited so get more chromatic
aberration anyway at 4k it's really easy
to actually knock that out by adjusting
the values for red and cyan blue and
yellow and green and magenta so we can
fix these edges like this so let me zoom
in a bit more so you can take a look at
that there's just maybe a hint well this
is a perfect time you can see that I can
actually adjust and fix that and just
like I'll do for this video before
uploading it that's essentially a fix
that will give you a better image with
your la 7200 and at 4k we've got more
room to adjust pixel wise or we have
more control over fixing some of those
faults like that so that's just a really
short tip and essentially the way I'm
going to be uploading 4k videos from the
gh2 to YouTube so I'm editing and color
correcting at 4k and then outputting a
4k master file for YouTube and I'll show
you in Vegas you can output any mpeg-4
file at sizes larger than 2000 other
things like MPEG 2 will be limited to
2048 pixels across other formats are
limited to 1920 by 1080 but mpeg-4 or
uncompressed which would be really huge
can be uploaded to YouTube in their
native format so certain that someone
else will have questions about this
process but it is something I'm trying
new and I think it gives a little bit
better picture